[Docs][clang-query] disclose Windows linetab bug on clang-query tab auto-complete (#107956)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/clang-tidy/Contributing.rst

Alternatively, pressing the tab key after a previous matcher's open parentheses would also 
show which matchers can be chained with the previous matcher, though some matchers that work 

> may not be listed. Note that this suggestion feature currently does not work on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may not be listed. Note that tab completion does not currently work on Windows.
```

Just like breaking up a huge function into smaller chunks with intention-revealing names 
can help you understand a complex algorithm, breaking up a matcher into smaller matchers 
with intention-revealing names can help you understand a complicated matcher.  

> Once you have a working :program:`clang-query` matcher, the C++ API matchers will be the same or similar 

Reviewer: Can you re-wrap this to 80-columns?
